The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption... and why did they do it in the first place!?
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
If Purple People Eaters are real... where do they find purple people to eat?
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Where do random thoughts come from?
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn... I just got older.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I want to buy a onesie... but know it won’t suit me.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
I currently have 4 windows open up... and I don’t know why.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Please pass me the salt.
Go and sit by your father.
She visited him on October 20th.
I only want a snack.
Can I take a message?
The news made me happy.
Well, they're for your wife, so I think you should give her roses.
Please take me to the airport.
Well, I don't know. I guess I could. It's pretty late now, but I'll call him in the morning.
I ache all over.
I'm going to see Mary this afternoon.	
The red one.	
We'd like you to sing some songs.	
Well, let's go.	
Your collar has a stain on it.	
John isn't the kind of man who would betray you.	
It's time to go to bed.
They have access to the library.
Do you need a lift?
Where did you get your hair cut?
What's the charge per night? (Hotel)
What did you do with my pants?
It is no use asking him again.
I wish I were a millionaire.
You look like my sister.
As soon as I can figure out how to send money, I'll send you some.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
Everything went smoothly.
No, I think it came out of my pocket when I was in the taxi.
It's about time for dinner
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
I want to buy a onesie... but know it won’t suit me.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
You have every right to be angry but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
We need to rent a room for our party.